Issue 2180 - Add limited availability note (#2181)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/reuse/automation-service-la-note.md

:::info Limited availability

> The Automation Service is available on a limited availability (LA) basis. This means the feature is fully implemented and supported, and is available to all customers, but is only deployed in customer environments upon request. For more information, see [About the Automation Service](/docs/cse/automation-service/about-automation-service/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Automation Service is available on a limited availability (LA) basis. This means that while the feature is production-ready and fully supported, implementation is done by customer request only. If you'd like the Automation Service enabled in your Cloud SIEM Enterprise environment, contact your Sumo Logic account representative. For more information, see [About the Automation Service](/docs/cse/automation-service/about-automation-service/).
```
